c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.WebUI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.Domain.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\AspCourseProject.Domain.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\obj\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\obj\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\obj\Debug\AspCourseProject.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AspCourseProject\AspCourseProject.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
